# CS 4341 Digital Logic

## Taken Spring '24 with Professor Li

- Prof. Li split the content up into parts, I don't know if other professors will follow this same pattern, but the parts are generally starting from the most fundamental physical layers, and each part goes up one layer of abstraction. I have listed the topics below each notes page link so you can better locate my notes on the topic you are interested in. This class of course does have the co-requisite of the labratory, which I did not take notes for, however to ease your conscious the labs were very self contained from the 4341 lectures. So as long as you read whatever materials are asked of you in your lab you will do fine.

# Notes

## [K-Map](<./Karnaugh%20Maps%20(%20K-Maps%20).md>)

- K-Maps are extremely important in digital logic. you will use them on every homework and exam. The alternative is doing the boolean algebra which is very error prone, and time consuming. I highly suggest practicing K-Maps, and checking your answers with online tools like [this one.](https://www.boolean-algebra.com/kmap/)
- It helped me to think of the K-map circles as cancellations. For every circle you create, there is at least one variable that is being removed from the term. and every power of two increase is another term being removed from the final algebraic term.

## [Part 1](./Part%201-%20Digital%20System.md)

### Topics

- Numbering Systems
- Bit Width
- Logical Gates
- CMOS Transistors

## [Part 2](./Part%202-%20Combinational%20and%20Sequential%20Logic%20Designs.md)

### Topics

- Boolean Equations
- Boolean Axioms
- Gate Functions / Creation

## [Part 3](./Part%203-%20Sequential%20Logic.md)

### Topics

- Sequential Logic
- State Elements
  - SR Latch
  - D Latch
  - D Flip-Flop
- Synchronous Sequential Logic
- Finite State Machines <span style="color:#ff2c2c">VERY IMPORTANT</span>
- Sequential Logic Timing
- Parrallelization

## [Part 4](./Part%204-%20Digital%20System%20Design.md)

### Topics

- Verilog

## [Part 5](./Part%205%20-%20Digital%20Building%20Blocks.md)

### Topics

- Adders
- ALU
